Add basic auth configuration options to Nginx (#206)
cortexproject/cortex-helm-chart: README.md

| nginx.&ZeroWidthSpace;config.&ZeroWidthSpace;client_max_body_size | string | `"1M"` |  |
| nginx.&ZeroWidthSpace;config.&ZeroWidthSpace;dnsResolver | string | `"kube-dns.kube-system.svc.cluster.local"` |  |
| nginx.&ZeroWidthSpace;config.&ZeroWidthSpace;setHeaders | object | `{}` |  |

> | nginx.&ZeroWidthSpace;config.&ZeroWidthSpace;basicAuthMountPath | string | `""` | Path of `auth_basic_user_file` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| nginx.&ZeroWidthSpace;config.&ZeroWidthSpace;basicAuthMountPath | string | `""` | (optional) Mount path of basic auth secret. In order to use this path, a secret with htpasswd contexts should be mounted to the container. For example:  extraVolumes:  - name: nginx-htpasswd    secret:      defaultMode: 420      secretName: nginx-htpasswd  extraVolumeMounts:  - mountPath: /keys/    name: nginx-htpasswd |
```

Reviewer: should be like this (must match the generated spec from values.yaml, using helm-docs)

Author: Oh! Many thanks.
